YCM 0.10.0 (UNRELEASED) Release Notes
*************************************

.. only:: html

  .. contents::

Changes made since YCM 0.9 include the following.


Variables
=========

* The following varibales are no longer cached, since they should be set from
  the project maintainer, and not by the user:
  * :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_<VERSION>`
  * :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_NEXT`
  * :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_PROPOSED`
  * :variable:`YCM_USE_3RDPARTY`
  * :variable:`YCM_USE_DEPRECATED`
* The :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE` can now be used to disable simultaneously all
  the :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_<VERSION>`, :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_NEXT`, and
  :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_PROPOSED` variables.


Modules
=======

Generic Modules
---------------

* The :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles` module learned to forward the
  ``ARCH_INDEPENDENT`` option to :command:`write_basic_package_version_file`.
* The :module:`IncludeUrl` module now always perform the lock/unlock.

Superbuild Helper Modules
-------------------------

* The :module:`YCMEPHelper` module now supports the ``CMAKE_CACHE_DEFAULT_ARGS``
  argument.
* The :module:`YCMEPHelper` module supports the ``SOURCE_SUBDIR`` argument.
  The ``CONFIGURE_SOURCE_DIR`` argument is now deprecated in favour of
  ``SOURCE_SUBDIR``.
* The :module:`YCMEPHelper` module now passes the variable ``CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE``
  to the children projects.


Find Modules
------------

* Import :module:`FindI2C` module from `YARP Git Repository`_.
* The :module:`FindACE` module now creates the ``ACE::ACE`` and
  ``ACE::ACE_INLINE`` imported targets.
  The ``ACE_ADDR_HAS_LOOPBACK_METHOD`` and
  ``ACE_COMPILES_WITHOUT_INLINE_<CONFIG>`` are now deprecated.


CMake Next
----------

* Imported :module:`FindDoxygen` module from CMake 3.9.
* Imported :module:`WriteBasicConfigVersionFile` and
  :module:`CMakePackageConfigHelpers` modules from CMake master, to support
  the ``ARCH_INDEPENDENT`` option in
  :command:`write_basic_package_version_file`.
* Imported :module:`FetchContent` module from CMake 3.11.
* Imported :module:`FindOpenGL` module from CMake 3.10.
* The :module:`ExternalProject` module was updated from CMake master.
  All the customizations were removed, with the exception of the ``git``
  deleting clones fix.


3rd Party
---------

* Imported :module:`FindGObject` module from `qt-gstreamer Git Repository`_ +
  some unmerged changes from robotology-dependencies fork.
* Imported :module:`CMakeRC` module from `CMakeRC Git Repository`_.
* Update `Catch2 Git Repository`_ to commit
  ``4902cd721586822ded795afe0c418c553137306a`` + some unmerged changes from
  robotology-dependencies fork.
* Imported :module:`UseLATEX` module from `UseLATEX Git Repository`_.
