YCM 0.2.0 (UNRELEASED) Release Notes
************************************

.. only:: html

  .. contents::

Changes made since YCM 0.1 include the following.


Build System
============

* Use the ``INSTALL_PREFIX`` argument for
  :cmake:module:`CMakePackageConfigHelpers`. This simplifies a lot the creation
  of the ``YCMConfig.cmake`` file for the binary tree.
* Fixed warnings with CMake 3.2.
* Added RunCMake unit tests.
* Added :variable:`YCM_CMAKE_DOWNLOAD_URL` variable and use github as default
  download url.
* Try to download the files up to 3 times in order to avoid common network
  issues.


Modules
=======


Generic Modules
---------------

* :module:`StandardFindModule`: Add QUIET argument.
* New module :module:`GitInfo`.
* :module:`IncludeUrl`: Several bug fixes and improvement.
* New module :module:`ReplaceImportedTargets`.
* :module:`StandardFindModule`: handle the new ``TARGET`` and
  ``REPLACE_TARGETS`` arguments, to create automatically the specified
  imported target and to replace the known targets paths with the
  relative target name (in pkg-config mode only). If any of the
  ``STANDARD_FIND_MODULE_USE_IMPORTED_TARGET`` or
  ``STANDARD_FIND_MODULE_USE_IMPORTED_TARGET_<NAME>`` are specified, and the
  ``TARGET`` argument is given, the ``<NAME>_LIBRARIES`` variable content is
  replaced with the corresponding imported target.


Packaging Helper Modules
------------------------

* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Use the new ``INSTALL_PREFIX`` argument
  for :cmake:module:`CMakePackageConfigHelpers`.
* New module :module:`AddInstallRPATHSupport`: Add RPATH support when
  building executables or shared libraries.
* :module:`AddInstallRPATHSupport`: Accept multiple conditions for the DEPENDS
  argument. This makes the DEPENDS argument similar to the
  :cmake:module`CMakeDependentOptions` module.


Superbuild Helper Modules
-------------------------

* :module:`YCMEPHelper` now handles tests for sub-projects.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Pass ``PKG_CONFIG_USE_CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`` to
  subprojects.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Prepare for ``CMAKE_CACHE_DEFAULT_ARGS``. The argument
  is accepted, but not yet passed to :command:`ExternalProject_Add`
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Pass ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` to non CMake subprojects.
* :cmake:module:`ExternalProject`: Fix :cmake:policy:`CMP0054` warnings.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Move ``CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`` to command line arguments.
  This fixes pkg-config not able to detect packages built by YCM.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Fix .dot files generation for modules containing the
  ``-`` character in the name.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Do not force CMake cache default arguments that are not
  set in the main project.
* :module:`FindOrBuildPackage`: Extract version argument from ARGN.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: variables in commands are no longer replaced. Instead
  of passing variables that are internal to YCMEPHelper, the user should use
  ``<SOURCE_DIR>``, ``<BINARY_DIR>``, ``<INSTALL_DIR>``, and ``<TMP_DIR>`` that
  are automatically replaced by ExternalProject.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Handle and use CONFIGURE_SOURCE_DIR argument in order
  to support projects in a subdirectory.
* :module:`YCMEPHelper`: Propagate CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH flag to all
  sub-projects.


Find Package Modules
--------------------

* New module :module:`FindqpOASES`.
* Import :module:`FindFreenect` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindFTDI` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindLibusb1` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindOpenNI` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindReadline` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindStage` new module from YARP.
* New module :module:`FindLibdc1394`.
* :module:`FindFFMPEG`: Fix for recent ffmpeg version on debian
* Import :module:`FindFuse` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindGLFW3` new module from YARP.
* Import :module:`FindLibOVR` new module from YARP.
* :module:`FindODE`: Use double precision by default when available.
* :module:`FindESDCANAPI`: Fixed find library procedure.
* :module:`FindIPOPT`: Improvements and restored required IPOPT_LINK_FLAGS
  variable.
* Import :module:`FindLibv4l2` new module from iCub.
* Import :module:`FindLibv4lconvert` new module from iCub.
* Create imported targets in :module:`FindGooCanvas`, :module:`FindGooCanvasMM`,
  :module:`FindGtkDatabox`, and :module:`FindGtkDataboxMM` modules.


Build Package Modules
---------------------

* New module :module:`BuildqpOASES`.
* :module:`BuildGooCanvas`: Change command variable style.
* New modules :module:`BuildGooCanvasMM` :module:`BuildGtkDatabox`
  :module:`BuildGtkDataboxMM`.
* :module:`BuildYARP`: Build and use GooCanvasMM and GtkDataboxMM as
  dependencies.
* :module:`BuildICUB`: Do not build canBus devices.


CMake Proposed Modules
----------------------

* :cmake:module:`ExternalProject`: Init only selected git submodules.
* :cmake:module:`ExternalProject`: Handle CONFIGURE_SOURCE_DIR argument. This
  argument can be used when the the main CMakeLists.txt file is not in the
  source directory, but in a subdirectory.


CMake Next
----------

* Updated to CMake 3.4.0-rc2 + commit
  :cmake-commit:`b87bed0ff6d724a91bbe5ee97b5608eed588d1af`.
* :cmake:module:`CMakePackageConfigHelpers` module imported.
* :cmake:module:`FindLua` module imported.
* :cmake:module:`FindMatlab` module imported.
* :cmake:module:`FindArmadillo` module removed (available in CMake
  2.8.9).
* :module:`FindGLEW` module imported with patch applied to improve
  detection on windows.
* :module:`ExternalProject`: Handle CONFIGURE_SOURCE_DIR argument in
  order to support projects in a subdirectory.
* :cmake:module:`CMakeFindDependencyMacro` module imported.


3rd Party
---------

* Updated to Eigen3 commit e1eac97
* :module:`FindOctave` imported from https://cmake.org/Wiki/CMakeUserFindOctave


Variables
=========

* Update :variable:`YCM_USE_CMAKE_<VERSION>`: variables and relative
  documentation.
