YCM 0.6.0 (UNRELEASED) Release Notes
************************************

.. only:: html

  .. contents::

Changes made since YCM 0.4 include the following.

Modules
=======

Generic Modules
---------------

* :module:`AddInstallRPATHSupport`: Added a new variable ``INSTALL_NAME_DIR``
  to specify the absolute installation path of the libraries.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Add ``TARGETS_PROPERTIES`` argument to
  support multiple target properties.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Add ``TARGETS`` argument to allow passing
  the targets without using a property
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Add ``DEPENDENCIES`` argument.
  Dependencies added to this list will be searched using ``find_dependency``.
  The dependencies will replace the ``@PACKAGE_DEPENDENCIES@`` string in the
  template file.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Fixed namespace in exported targets.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Keep internal files in current directory.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Add ``CONFIG_TEMPLATE`` argument.
  Also allow the config file in current source directory and improve
  ``UPPERCASE_FILENAMES`` and ``LOWERCASE_FILENAME`` handling.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Allow to use ``@PACKAGE_VERSION@`` in
  template files.
  This argument is replaced with the value of the ``VERSION`` argument.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackagesFiles`: Add ``NO_COMPATIBILITY_VARS`` arguments.
  If set, the generation of the compatibility variables
  ``<VARS_PREFIX>_LIBRARIES`` and ``<VARS_PREFIX>_INCLUDE_DIRS`` is disabled.
  Also improve the generation of the ``<VARS_PREFIX>_INCLUDE_DIRS`` variable.

Find Package Modules
--------------------

* :module:`FindACE`: Remove ``ACE_HAS_STRING_HASH`` check

3rd Party
---------

* :module:`FindGLIB2`, :module:`FindGStreamer`,
  :module:`FindGStreamerPluginsBase`, and :module:`MacroFindGStreamerLibrary`
  modules imported from `qt-gstreamer Git Repository`_.
