YCM 0.8.0 (2018-06-11) Release Notes
************************************

.. only:: html

  .. contents::

Changes made since YCM 0.6 include the following.


Build System
============

* CMake 3.5 or newer is now required.


Modules
=======

Generic Modules
---------------

* :module:`GitInfo`: Fixed for clones using `git-worktree`
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Added ``INCLUDE_FILE`` argument to
  support appending user content to the generated ``PackageConfig.cmake`` file.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Added ``EXPORT`` arguments to use
  :cmake:command:`export(EXPORT)` instead of :cmake:command:`export(TARGETS)`
  (default = <name>) if ``TARGETS``-related arguments are not passed.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Added ``FIRST_TARGET`` argument to
  specify a target to check when using ``EXPORT`` (default = <name>)
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Added ``COMPONENT`` argument, forwarded
  to the :cmake:command:`install` commands.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Added ``INSTALL_DESTINATION`` and
  ``EXPORT_DESTINATION`` arguments, to install and generate the files in a
  path different from the default. The ``DESTINATION`` argument is now
  deprecated in favour of ``INSTALL_DESTINATION``.
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Added ``PRIVATE_DEPENDENCIES`` argument
  to support dependencies that should be located only if the targets are built
  ``STATIC`` (i.e. libraries linked as ``PRIVATE``).
* :module:`InstallBasicPackageFiles`: Fixed support for CMake < 3.9.


Find Modules
------------

* The :module:`FindFFMPEG` was replaced by the 3rd party one.


CMake Next
----------

* Updated to CMake v3.11.2 + commit
  :cmake-commit:`f248f8ad7898816a5a627e288d3a04fed993967f`).
* Imported modules ``FindPython.cmake``, ``FindPython/Support.cmake``,
  ``FindPython2.cmake``, and ``Find3Python.cmake`` from CMake master (3.12).


3rd Party
---------

* qt-gstreamer modules are now imported from the official
  `qt-gstreamer Git Repository`_ instead of from the `robotology-dependencies`
  clone.
* :module:`Catch`, :module:`CatchAddTests`, and :module:`ParseAndAddCatchTests`
  modules imported from `Catch2 Git Repository`_.
* The :module:`FindFFMPEG` module is now imported from the `VTK Git Repository`_
  (ref v8.1.1).
